---
layout: post
title: Having meetings
---

In September and October 2011 I will be participating in [Decalcomania](https://decalcomaniaproject.wordpress.com/). The article that I am making for that exhibition, which is based on *Damming the Flood* by Peter Hallward, is going to begin being made this week. I wrote out about what I think is going to be in it for a while today - at the swimming pool on Columbiadamm - and it led me on to thinking about something important for other work that I do and that is what this post is about.

The article is being made and handed out (5,000 copies, perhaps) for a number of reasons. One is to tell people about Haiti. Another is to advertise some meetings about Haiti at the gallery that the exhibition is in. In my writing out about what I think is going to be in the article I had some, a few, things figured out and I feel like I will be ready, tomorrow, to read Damming the Flood again, or at least to make a list of particular topics and to see if they are indexed. When I had got to that point the impending problem presented itself and that is what this post is about.

In Penzance, the town that the exhibition is in, I will spend three or four days handing out copies of the pamphlet that contains the article that I am making. I will begin on a Monday. The meetings will be held on the following Friday and Saturday. There will be four of them. The purpose of the meetings is to see if some of the people who might read the article will want to have a discussion about how we can support people in Haiti. The article will inform these discussions. Damming the Flood is about (amongst other things) Haiti's, um, post-colonial servitude - to put it simply - and perhaps wrongly. By explaining the recent history of the Haitian peoples' struggle towards independence from the former-colonial powers and by showing the role that these powers have played in maintaining that dependence - the article will, hopefully, help us all to understand better what we can do to support Haitians. This informed discussion is what this post is about - is about.

At the swimming pool I was trying to think about how to say what it is that is going to be discussed and it occurred to me that there was no reason to do this because that is what the discussion is for and that is when I realised what this post is about.

In an attempt to write a press release for the launch of *Something Else* it occurred to me that I do not want to do that and that I do not want to work on it at all for the next 30 days. Part of the problem was that I could not explain part of the purpose of the newspaper, which is to, well. I have been unable to explain what has been slipping around in a, sort of, lubricated blood-bath of words and feelings for several years. To put it crudely: I want the paper to encourage people to do something. But this is difficult for me to say for this reason: I do not think that I ought to be telling anyone what to do. It was a good moment when I was thinking about this in the context of the Haiti article and it moved over in my head and into the context of the newspaper.

I decided today that I ought to have meetings, once a fortnight, or once a month, to discuss what has been published in the newspaper. Each of us has to make our own decisions about how we want to support people whose problems we are concerned by. That is what the newspaper is part of. The meetings are the opportunity to work out collectively what would seem to be most effective. Without the meetings the newspaper is simply a few particles within the infinite vacuum of the internal dialogue that each of us has about how the world works / ought to work.